rbac: narrow permissions (#613)
kedacore/http-add-on: Changelog.md

### Fixes

> - **RBAC**: Narrow permissions given to components ([#612](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/612))

Reviewer: This might be more customer-friendly so they understand what has changed?
```suggestion
- **RBAC**: Introduce fine-grained permissions per component and reduce required permissions ([#612](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/612))
```
